Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey,
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: There you are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry, my zoom froze. I mean it was just crazy. It's the second time that it's done that.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I was about to hang up and call the virtual clinic and be like, is there internet
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of waiting and I'm waiting. And I'm waiting. And I'm waiting. And then you come in the room, and then I'm waiting. I click and it's just circling circle. I'm like, Oh my God, it did this to me last night zoom in, zoom
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It does to reading group at seven o'clock group to literally I had a whole I got eight people waiting
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it just goes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Down at went
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know only four people got to come back in.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Oh, it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: is crazy. I don't know what is up resume. I think it's overloaded.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Probably. That's what I was thinking.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I apologize, how are you
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Doing all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's happening with
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: It, you know, and so my boss. He came in yesterday to be able to talk to me.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: He didn't say that. That's what he was coming in for but when
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Yesterday morning
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: When I call them. Well, he originally called me to wake me up, you know, and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Then I remembered I was like, it's Monday I have my appointment, you know, the group therapy appointment.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And he knows, like he knows about my appointments. I've told him, he's told me that like a couple weeks before I ended up telling him about my addiction and stuff like that.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And starting bright heart. He told me he's like, Yeah, I used to be like addicted to meth and he's, you know, he told me that his whole story. So that's why I felt comfortable enough to tell him.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: My story. And he's also pretty he's pretty cool and chill. He calls me his white daughter, but I call him my Filipino bad kind of thing.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Because yeah, but he's just really cool chill person. So when I called him and told him about the
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Clip is like. All right. Well, whenever you get time call me so we could talk and I was like, all right, then you already knew what it was going to be about in a way
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Because I'm always late always late to work. I can't. I mean, there's times where I'm like okay and I got a full eight hours of sleep. Why can't I get up, but like yesterday morning, and even Saturday like explaining group.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like I just literally slept through my alarm and if nobody nobody would have called me. I probably would have woke up you know 11 or 12 or whenever my son would have gotten me up.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: But that's another thing that's we are too is like either, my phone just didn't like the alarm didn't go off at all.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Because I have like seven or eight alarms and I have my Fitbit watch that goes off, too.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: But that when it rains for a certain amount of time and then it cuts off and then it doesn't ring again, there's no snooze on it. So I'm wondering how it went off so many times and it didn't even wake my son up either which is
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like, I don't think. But my ALARMS WERE SET. I always check in, it's set to go off every weekday on my phone. So I don't. I just don't understand how I slipped through all of my alarms and turn them all off like
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I don't understand like at all.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Yeah. Weird. So back to the story. He
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: He was in his office and he was like doing something. I mean, he was there for other things too, but um I think to do like a meeting or to fix the schedule or whatever.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And he I messaged him, I was like, well, since you're here. Do you want to go ahead and recommend me or whatever and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: He's like, yeah, do you have a moment. I was like, okay, sure. And he asked me if I wanted a representative and I was like, are you going to fire me. Because if so, then yeah.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: He's like, No, I'm not going to fire you. I was like, all right. So a couple minutes later I went to go see him and went in his office and we shut the door and he again. He was really, really nice about it. He
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: He wasn't
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: His first question, though, was is are you like, do you have any cravings or anything. I was like, no, I take medication that hopes that and I guess in his eyes like what I was getting what he was saying is
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: All he said that I'm showing signs of like using and I'm like how and he was like, because you're sleeping a lot and like you can't wake up in the morning.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And I'll say, I understand that. But I think it might be because what two things. One, I'm trying to get on a normal sleep schedule and like my whole sleep. Ever since becoming
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You know, like clean and sober, however you want to say it like my, I think my body is still trying to like normalize itself out with
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like sleeping. But I think the main thing is, is the medication and I take the Clonidine that helps me like with my nightmares and stuff. I think because since I didn't take it for two nights. It made me possibly sleep harder, which is, I think, would have been the opposite way around
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: But he, he was like very understanding and he's like, if you while like you know kind of be like a sponsor to
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And you just been really helpful and being really nice. He wasn't like he was talking pretty low, too, because sometimes if you speak loud enough you can like hear through the door, whatever.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: But, you know, he says that he wants. He's really supportive of my recovery and you know he's being really, really nice and understanding about it.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And then he said he was like, if you want me I can, I can call you in the morning I wake up at 530 and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Do you wanna call you at seven. I was like, No, that's way too late you you'd have to call me at like six. He's like, that's fine. That's whenever I'm about to go outside and take a walk and I was like, Okay, if you want to but I mean I don't feel like like I don't
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like I just feel so irresponsible like I shouldn't have to have somebody call me to wake me up, but it's like I I need it, but I just feel like it's kind of
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You know, being dependent on someone else but also giving somebody else the responsibility because I'm being irresponsible because I can't wake up.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Because I'm always usually a few minutes late to work quite often probably like through anyway anywhere between like two to four times a week.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You know, it's a lot so he says that he doesn't want me to like lose my job over something that could be, you know, like someone could fix and he said that he knows that I'm like a really good hard worker and I mean well and he said that he'll call me in the morning, which is good. So
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I told him that my husband, like when he's not around. He usually will call me in the morning, but since he's been riding his motorcycle and there's a different time change. You know, he actually just got to Michigan.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Maybe like an hour or so ago, a little less than an hour ago. So
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: It's three hours ahead there now. So, but while he was writing. He can't just stop on the side of the road and just call me, you know, um,
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And of course when he's there, he'll, like, make sure I'm up at a weight.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You know,
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Least I have
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Somebody to kind of like, help me out, and even like my, oh my boss East because I told him.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Because one of the days I it was last week, the day that my husband.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Left, I think, or the day that I thought he was leaving on Thursday, he
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Or I
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Slept overslept two hours because again I set my alarm and then I I turned it off or whatever and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I messaged him when I got to work. I was like, hey, just want to give you a heads up that I was
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: A couple hours late because my husband's leaving Michigan and I just found a lot of anxiety and I can't sleep and blah, blah, blah, blah. And again, he's really understanding and back to the when he was talking to me. He said that he knows that my husband's gone and I'm
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You know, pretty much taken care of, like, my son by myself, because my dad hasn't been at my house because he lost his keys.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Where he's staying out right now with my step mom. He's like, they're half of the time if not a little more than half the time over there. And then, you know, he kind of like comes to our house to pretty much escape, you know, being over there.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: So he
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Hasn't been there to kind of like, help me out with things here and there, but
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: It is it is pretty hard like yesterday I we when we got
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: When I picked him up. We went to the Dollar Tree, because I was trying to find extension cord so that way I could plug my phone on the other side of the room and couldn't find anything so
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I know that we have an extension cord at home, but it has the three prongs on it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And yeah, we don't
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Have a. We don't have a socket like that that's in our room that's like that. So, and plus it's like 100 or 50 foot. It's like a really, really long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Industrial tonight or
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: So I was like, Okay, I'll just put it on the other side of the bed, but that didn't work out when me and killing went to bed.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: But pretty much I got home made
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: The dishes and I took a shower and I was going to be killing and and I was like oh my god it's already 930. I was like, I gotta go to bed like time from basically like
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Once I get Kilian. So we'll say about like 545 like once we get home to, like, I only have like three like three to four hours to really do stuff and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Doing it all by myself because I didn't bake him. I wasn't able to finish all of the dishes wasn't able to close way. I mean,
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Our fields are okay, but I needed to Washington, his little sippy cup things because he had none. And of course, I needed to shower and make dinner. So it's kind of hard to cram a lot of things and just a small timeframe and still go to bed in time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You know, still try to wake up early. So my boss called me this morning and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Even though was hella tired and I wanted to lay back down. I just obviously you called me so I got up and I went a Witten made some breakfast and brush my teeth and then got myself mostly already. And then I woke up my kid and dropped him off. So it wasn't like I was there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You were 15 minutes early. That's cool. And, you know, there's nothing wrong with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Accepting help
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean you are, you're, you're in this routine with your husband and he has been, you know, your help and he's not there. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is an adjustment. You know what I mean. But in the same sense, I think it's awesome that your boss is willing to call you at six in the morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let them accept that help because that's going to help you get in the routine that you're looking for. You know what I mean, we can't always do things on our own, and by ourselves. And, you know, in today's society people helping is not so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Prevalent everywhere like it used to be. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I think it's awesome that he's willing to call you at six o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To help you get up. I think that's great. I don't. I mean, it doesn't mean that you fall short with anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I know and I understand that it's hard to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wrap your head around that. But it's really true. We're humans. We make mistakes. You know what I mean. We do things sometimes that we need help.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And this right now in this area is where you need a little, a little push a little help to get your sleep cycle back in a routine that you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do what you need to do, get up when you need to get up, you know what I mean. Yeah, so don't overthink it. That's really I think what I'm trying to say is like he offered to call you at six in the morning, except that call, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you'll get it but about the time that your husband's coming back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then all of a sudden you'll
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll be in that routine. You know what I mean, it's like, whoa, and another great thing about it is what a way to take a look at a piece of your relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you appreciate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Yeah.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Because I I've kind of always thought like, you know, if I was a single parent or you know me, my husband for separate whatever may be
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I always thought like, oh yeah, I could do this, you know, I could you know
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Because the way that I see is because when he would ride his motorcycle, especially with the last like, month or so that it's kind of warmed up.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I'm taking him, you know, back and forth to daycare and bathing him and, you know, doing a lot of this stuff. And I've kind of been thinking like, of course, when I get all pissy at my husband.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And myself like I don't really need you. Yeah, I need the money, but I don't technically need you and now these last like four or five days, whatever, it's been
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You know, it's been really hard trying to make sure I wake up early enough get him ready for daycare because he's a little brat. And last night was just
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like, even though we went to bed at 940 but we didn't go to bed, till about 1050 like he didn't fall asleep hour and I had my phone plugged in. On the other side of the bed where my husband usually sleeps.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: But my son thought, you know, it was really funny to try to like grab my phone and try to like he wasn't having it.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like he saw the
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Air and he wanted the phone so
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You and of course he wanted. He felt like, oh, I want to be potty training right now so
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You know he's drinking this water and he's kind of starting to fall asleep and I was basically almost asleep. Surprisingly, and he woke me up and said, Mom, you have to go pee.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And I'm like, now you have to go pee. I just do like a while like a while ago, like 30 minutes go like almost before bed if you had to go potty. And you said no. And you didn't want to
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And he's like, well, I still didn't say I will. I still have to go pee. But he kept asking
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: To go pee. So like, okay, fine, but you know goofing around or anything because anytime, or he kind of gets his way, he gets like this little laugh that he gets like a high got my way kind of laugh and I hate it, you know, but I'm not going to tell him. No, just pee in your diaper and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You know, be encouraged him to just keep paying in his diaper or pull up or whatever. So I took him to go potty. And then we laid back down and then he was almost asleep and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I was like, I pretty much took, like, I don't know. It could have been like maybe a 10 minute nap that I'm not really sure how long I kind of slept for or was almost asleep and they he woke me up again city had to go potty again. So I was like,
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I'm not giving you water before bed anymore so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's not in a pull up or anything he's
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: gonna pull up. Yeah.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: He wears but he wears pull ups you know all the time, he still peeps in fees and poops in it and everything like that is daycare like like you shouldn't be buying clubs. If he's not or not, like, you shouldn't but
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: She suggests that we should just still if he's not gonna really try to go potty or whatever. This was like probably like six or so months ago.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: When she said that pull ups are more expensive. You don't get, you know, like you're the money that you pay you pretty much get a better deal of doing diapers like use the pull ups for really you know potty training.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Yeah, heavily used for, you know,
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Matt, he goes through phases where he wants to potty train like he wants to go potty or, you know, use the big boy party and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: But there's times where I'm like, Okay, let's get on a little bit of a schedule and like, Come on, let's go potty.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I don't have to go potty or no, I don't want to a lot of the times, as he doesn't want to. He's being a little brat. And that's another thing is that
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Since Kevin's been gone killing is being he's been a lot worse. And he's kind of like acting out born just being a lot more hard like he's it's a lot more hard to handle him. Yeah. Oh.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And of course, he said, No, I want my daddy or
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: He's in that
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Phase two, which I think is pretty young, but I don't know. So I just know what's my siblings. I always thought it was kind of more of like a pre teen stage like I hate you. I don't want you in my life kind of thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But yeah, they go through it when they're younger, too. And you know he's he's testing the boundaries.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what he's doing, you know, he's testing, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dad's away so Kilian will play to, kind of, you know, mentality that kids get and they get that way, whenever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One parent isn't in the home and the other parent is trying to handle everything. You know what I mean, you've got to set heart those hard boundaries with them. When does Kevin come back.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: He comes back. He's supposed to be back. I think around June 1 i think i don't know how the days phone but he said the beginning of June.
Mm hmm.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Yeah, I think it's like the beginning of June, something like that. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So he just got there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And everything was okay on his trip.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Yeah, he was fine. He said that it was really cold in some of the states. I think he stopped in Nevada, Utah, Minnesota, Wisconsin. Oh, South Dakota. They saw Mount Rushmore, and then
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I'm pretty sure they stopped a couple other places, but that those are the places that I think that they stayed at was in Arizona, and the rest. So, but now they're going to stay at Danny's which is Kevin's friend our friend, he has a son.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: That's like in his early 20s, I think he's they're going to stay there with them little him and his dogs so it's
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Been my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, OK. OK. And yeah, you'll
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll get everything down pat. You know what I mean about the time when it's about time for him to start coming home, you know, the first week, we can have sometimes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can be chaotic, the kid, you know, kids going to test you know what I mean, you're not going to be able to get up all of these things. But if you could accept the help what you did and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Take a look at the situation and realize the appreciation that you have, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It gives you this whole mindset when he does come back to think differently. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean,
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's pretty cool. And you know, it's a learning experience for both of you also hopefully the, the hope is, is that your husband also appreciates
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. While he's gone to, and that can only mean good things, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, so it's good. You didn't get rolled up at work. You didn't get fired at work. Yeah, right. Everything is okay. You're just struggling with the schedule and asleep stuff.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I forgot. Kind of like a huge deal to me that one of the girls. Her name is Monica. She's kind of like she's like a micromanager or she's like, you know, she always tells my boss, what to do.
In a way.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: He, do you really told my boss, like I kind of like hated her. She's the one I told you that I think that sometimes she acts like she's on something.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You know she she really told my boss and my boss told me to get rid of me and he was like upset about that. He's like, Monica really said that I should just get rid of you because I'm never on time. And you know, I, I'm not pulling my load, I think, is what he said. And I'm like,
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I'm still like learning how to do like I'm sorry I'm not good at the paperwork side like when it comes to scheduling. I'm good at that. Because that's what I had a year of experience before I started that particular job at that clinic.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: But to say to get rid of me like
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like that just kind of in a way it kind of blew my mind that she would say that like I was very offended by that.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Yeah, he
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like because the past like couple weeks. I'd say like maybe week or two. She's just been like kind of quiet, in a way, and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: She doesn't really talk to me, or I'll ask her something like she's to be very like very, very helpful. Like sometimes a little too over hopeful. Our like
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: intervenes too much like if I'm trying to do something, I asked a question that she takes over and it's like
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: What is the point of view, doing that if I don't learn how to do it myself. I'm just asking the question about one thing. Let me, you know, try to do it, figure it out, kind of thing. But the past two weeks. Like, I try to ask her.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You know, like a question and then she's just kind of quiet and she doesn't really say anything, so I'm
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like she didn't hear me. And then if I repeat myself. She's like, I heard you. I heard you. I heard. Yeah, she's, she's kind of like a repetitive person to like she talks or says things she like kind of like overly repeats herself.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: kind of annoying but
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Again, I think in she's also very shaky it's it's weird, but that could be something besides like drugs, I guess.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: She also jokes around a lot about drinking before work like. She says, Yeah, I just put a couple shots in my coffee and then
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: head out the door. I'm like, Are you freaking serious like you're just openly admitting to drinking before you come to work. I'm like, is that before or after you're driving like I don't
I got
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: But I guess, to each their own, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They do good. You mentioned that to your boss.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: About the drinking part. Yeah. Well, she knows she's she said that when he was around
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I don't think like she could just be joking, but she's said it a few different times and even I'll even say something. I'm like, yeah, she probably puts clue. She's like, no, I put
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I forgot what she says she puts in it. I don't know what else would go good instead of coffee. I don't really know. I just think of like kalua because
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I think that's like coffee flavored
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's insane. And, you know, there's a piece of it to that says you know that if she's pointing the finger at you, she's hoping nobody's looking at her.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So remember that. I mean, your issue is the fact that, you know, you're struggling with sleep and getting on a regular schedule and, you know, nobody really knows the extent of what her issue is so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. I would just be cautious and on guard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely is what I would do if I were you.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Know. So now, what I do is like when I'm at work and what I've kind of been doing. But now what I've really been doing is whenever she liked tries to
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: joke around with me or tries to talk to me and conversation with me. I'm just kind of quiet. I don't really
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like, I don't want to associate with her, especially now after she said that because, you know, I was like, once he told me that I was like I kind of was crying, but not really crying. I was trying to hold in my tears and not actually fully cry because I was hurt by it.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And also just kind of like what he was saying to me to even though he's being really nice, but it just
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Just like the whole conversation. I just wanted to cry. So he's like I knew that I was like my eyes will probably watering up and stuff.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Getting very far from each other. And when we were dying is like go why for softball, for crying. The bathroom or whatever you need to do and then get back out there, kind of thing so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's a good thing.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: They said I needed obviously try to, you know, be more attentive, I think, is the word and you know like this is like my official verbal warning and then if I'm like, come and lead again or if it's more of like a what it was before. Then he will write me up kind of thing and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Then on so forth. So I don't know how many write ups I could technically get but three
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah, this is yeah he hasn't even begun, so you know you've got you've got more leeway than you can then you even though
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And now that he's on board to give you a call in the morning and to help in this area. I've got, you're going to see a difference. And you're going to be there. You know what I mean, like, you're supposed to, you're going to get in that rhythm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the great part about it is that once you get in this rhythm all of your issues are done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She's still got many
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Chef. Oh.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Really like
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like I understand how she says she's stressed out and like I understand like curse.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Whatever. She's kind of coming from, I guess in a way because of what she says that work because she's been she's still lives with her her ex, who's the father of her four kids and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: The reason why they don't you know live in separate houses because housing is so freaking expensive for both of them. They can't live
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: With their own money like separately, you know by now for kids. And then you know the cost of EVERYTHING IS JUST SO EXPENSIVE IN SACRAMENTO or wherever they live. I think she says she lives in antelope, but still Sacramento.
Sacramento.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Originally
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Around the time she was talking about moving to Oregon where she's from to live there, but
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I think housing and stuff like that is still, you know, cheap and stuff, but for him. The her ex husband.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: She like I guess he couldn't even live by himself, plus the whole thing with the kids and like where they would go because of them are still in school like he wouldn't be able to have his girls that are like 14 or whatever still
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: LIVE THERE AT HOME AND HIM, be able to afford all of that and she doesn't want to send him money and you know it's just a whole bunch of like drama and stuff and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I remember when she first was kind of like talking about it and I asked her, or basically told her I was like
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Wow, that must be kind of messed up for the kids like you shouldn't really even though she's like in her 40s or whatever. I was kind of telling her what she already knows, of course, but like
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I feel like if you're like so mean to each other, like if me and my husband were separated or divorced or whatever.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And we're being very like vicious towards each other and just fighting all the time and yelling like that damages a kid a lot worse than it is to split up in my opinion at least
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Because you're like that's somebody that you used to love and that you grown up with to a point and then your parents just hate each other and hate each other's guts. I feel like it really affects kids.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: So it's like a really broken home I feel bad for kids and feel bad for her, in a way, but I mean I guess there's only so much you could really do so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's true, you know, and that is a very
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Weird toxic environment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, and it is better to get away than it is to have the kids sit in in the arguments.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Yeah, you know,
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: X. I've even asked her, I was like, do you and your ex husband fight. She's like Oh hell yeah. It's like, gee, that's why she usually works a lot of overtime is because she hates going on.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: So that's, like, another thing is you're taking your time away from your kids too. So, you know, I mean, I know they're teenagers or whatever. But she's been having this job for like I think like four or five, six years, something like that. And it's like,
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: She's been doing it, but I'm assuming for a while now for a few years. So, you know, I don't know what her ex husband does, but I think right now. He doesn't have a job. I think that's another main reason but she's planning on moving up to Oregon and like around the summertime.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: That she was talking about because I guess she's doing two jobs now she's doing something that's like more like
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I think later in the night or like on the weekends or something, I don't know exactly what it is, but
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: She's doing something and she's trying to save up all this money so she could move and she was talking about finding another job if she's not able to move and I asked her why
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And she just says she's basically sick and tired of like she loves a job or whatever, it can be stressful and she does take on a lot at work, but she
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: She's just tired of like the company that we work for, you know, for the government for the veterans and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: It's all about numbers. She said it was something like politically something and I was like what are you talking about, and I was like, What do you mean, and she said, it's all about the numbers. It's not about the care.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Sounds like yeah that is really true. That's one of the things I hate about the VA is there's no care. I mean, there is a little bit care they say that they care but
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like when I used to work at the call center. They want you to like answer a phone and have a call only be three minutes. It's like, how are you able supposed to, or like how are you supposed to schedule.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: An appointment.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And figure out what this patient needs and, you know, a lot of these people don't know what they're calling about or they
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Have mentioned like they're all, at least in their 70s AND AGE, I feel like. So it's like how to, how could you
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: help somebody in three minutes, you can't
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Know me. I'm always going the extra mile. That's another thing about Monica. She's like,
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You shouldn't be doing all that work like she basically tells me that I shouldn't be overly like she says I'm overly helpful.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Or helping or whatever it is. And it's like, that's just how I am like if I was in their shoes, especially after I'm done, helping somebody
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: They're like thank you so, so much. Because usually, people will do this and that and no i don't get anywhere. Nobody helps me
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like, I feel bad for all these people. So it's like the golden rule that people say like you treat people the other though you treat people the way that you'd want to be treated.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: So that's just what I'm trying to do. I'm just trying to do the best that I really can. And that's another reason why my boss likes me is because he's a veteran himself so
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: He sees that I'm really, really helpful. And I'm willing to learn new things and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You know, so
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I don't know. But anyways, it was talking way too much about somebody else and not me. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. But just know you know just sit back and watch. You know what I mean. And you have every right to be heard and technically your boss PROBABLY SHOULD NOT HAVE TOLD YOU THAT SHE SAID THAT
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that causes that barrier.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so he probably shouldn't have told you that i mean i think it's it's kind of cool that he did, but in the same sense, what was the use of it, other than
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hurting. No, no.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I think because I've told him in the past when or, you know, like, since I started and people were all like, how come she gets extra break. She's out there, smoking cigarettes and blah, blah, blah, blah.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Or how come she is to do that. Is she putting in her time for, you know, taking this blah, blah, blah. You know, like, people just being nosy are wondering
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: At for my appointments and stuff. And it's like, it's knowing your business. But I told him I was like, I just wish people would instead of just coming to my boss, like just, you know, either asked me, or, you know, let me know.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Instead of going to somebody else and like, I mean, I understand. I'm going to somebody else, because they're not confrontational or
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Whatever it is, but I feel like I'm such an understanding person where it's like if you'd be like, hey, can you please help me with this I will freakin help you don't go to my boss and say, Oh, she doesn't do anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, as
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: It tries to make me look bad, you know,
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Yeah, just, I just wish people are more upfront with me and I told him I was like, I just wish I knew who was seeing all this stuff about me that I'm you know doing or not doing so I think just
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Letting me know that she said, that kind of thing. So that way I was aware, kind of thing. I don't know.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you'll definitely be on guard a little bit with her from now on.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Yeah.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I don't buster. So, I mean, it really trust her before so I definitely don't trust her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, understandable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable. Um, what about used to going to meetings. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What meetings are you going to
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I, I just go on to. I think it's called na stuff, whatever that website is there's a 24 hour one
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: On zoom, of course, and like pretty much whenever I drive to go drop off Kilian I listened to it. And then I turn it off.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And then, you know, put them inside and deal with them for a couple of minutes, whatever it is. And then whenever I drive to work. I listened to it on my lunch I listen to it on my way home. I listened to it and then like after my shower. You know, like I listened to it a lot.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Yeah, and I share every once in a while, but usually there's so many people like what their hands up. There's usually in where did the smallest I've ever seen amount of people was probably about like 170
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: People. Wow. But usually, and I think the highest I've ever seen was like to 60 seconds. There's a lot of people on there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then a lot of people
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And when people are sharing this I don't really count but it looks like there might be like 15 to 20 people maybe though this morning when I was driving to work. I saw two or three people's hands up, but I was driving and I wasn't going to share so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just learned how to put the hand up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really yeah I never knew how to put the hand up and zoom. I just learned that this week.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: It's funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I it's funny, and it's cute, that the little hand stays up there like pick me, pick me, pick me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean the we've got all these other things down here but emojis reactions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. But yeah, I had no idea that there was more over here. And that you can put your hand up. Yeah.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Because they kind of lighting.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: up or thumbs down or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, it's really kind of cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you still in contact with Lauren
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Yeah, I talked to her. Maybe like once a week or so she like she messaged me. Oh, she messaged me
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Yesterday before group and then she messaged me a little later today. And I started typing but
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: While I'm working. That's probably like another thing. Like, I don't want somebody to bitch about me is she's always on her phone texting are always on her phone, blah, blah.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You know, and it's like 99% of the time I'm messaging, my husband, asking them, like where are you, how are you doing, where you are.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You know what time is it there fan of thing because I was curious of how, like, I think the farthest he went where it was still only two hours was, I think it was either Minnesota or Missouri.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: It's still only two hours. I was like, that seems so far you I thought it would be like a three hour difference. Instead, two hours.
But
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not yet. The cut offs, a little bit farther over
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Just a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: was beginning to texture and then I haven't missed it. I haven't finished it. But thanks for reminding me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay. So have you checked out women for sobriety yet.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: No, I think I, I think I was trying to look at it through Google while back when I was trying to get into the virtual remember when I was telling you how I was trying to get into it. I couldn't really figure anything out kind of stuff or find anything so
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Is that the one where it's not as spiritual or it's not as religious kind of thing. Yeah, that's good to kind of look out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it focuses a lot on what we go through as women.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really pretty amazing. I kind of dove into it a little bit today and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because when I find stuff like that. I want to know. I'm like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm interested. Yeah, women for sobriety is what it is and and i think that the thing that amazed me about it was they don't do step work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Their level the levels.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me see if I can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Share this with you but I found their levels.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Their levels, it's it's weird for me to get that concept, but so it's women for sobriety New Life program. Right. And I am to get my glasses on and they do except acceptance statements which helps a lot with self esteem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So these are acceptance statements that what they recommend is that you take these you either download them or you print them off and have them up somewhere.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it just talks about the self defeating thoughts that we have a lot of times the first one of course is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About your disease. We've all accepted the fact that we're addicts right that's already a piece that pieces done I now take charge of my life and my well being. I accept the responsibility which you have right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The second one negative thoughts destroy only myself, my first conscious sober act is to reduce negativity in my life.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Happiness is a habit I am developing happiness is created not waiting for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Problems bother me only to the degree I permit it. And I now better understand my problems. I do not permit problems to overwhelm me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am what I think I am capable, competent caring, compassionate woman.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Life can be ordinary or it can be great greatness is is mine by a conscious effort.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And love can change the course of my world caring is all important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The fundamental object of life is emotional and spiritual growth daily I put my life into A into a proper order knowing which of the priorities.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which are the priorities. The past is gone forever no longer am I victimized by the past. I'm a new woman all love gives returns. I am learning to know that I'm loved enthusiasm is my daily exercise I treasure the moments of my new life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am a competent woman and I have much to give life. This is what I am, and I shall know it always I am responsible for myself and my actions. I'm in charge in my mind my thoughts in my life. And so you can print them or you can print them out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, they're really positive affirmations that my gosh, I think all of us should be reading every morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To start a new day to have these things in your head and know that you know everything's gonna be okay you know life is going to be good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then those are the acceptance in the art. I mean, every piece of this acceptance statements level of levels of recovery and then articles, you can get a lot of information through them a lot of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Negative thought process changes right is what we're after.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The one that I like the most is Level two level one again is accepting that you have a disorder.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Level two and discarding negative thoughts putting guilt behind and practicing new ways of viewing and solving problems.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so this really feels like where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Most of the work, a lot of the work goes, because you're changing your thought process you're changing. You know how you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How you view things so self destructive at this stage, we must also recognize the distorted negative and self destructive patterns we have developed and resolve to change.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This levels difficult and take some time. Also during a later period of stress, we may need to return to these exercises.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or review any level. This is not a matter of failure, but an opportunity to grow and change against any time of crisis, it could be anything could be in crisis in your life. It could be something that's going on that you don't know how to handle, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anyway, so I encourage you to check it out. It's pretty amazing. And they go off of life ring, which is a program and then they go off of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: smart recovery, which is another program for recovery and what those two programs do is they really take that that God aspect out of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just really focus internally on you. And that's what this one does too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I love it.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Yeah, I think.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I really
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like that one. Oh.
You know,
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: It's more in depth. I mean, like, obviously, I feel like step work and stuff like helps you change your ways and stuff, but I feel like this is more of like
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like, I don't even know. I feel like it's different in a way you know it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, let me see if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can get phone support meeting. Let me see. I can do this meetings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 956 to eight Thursdays. I'll see there's the women's ID number.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thursdays at 530
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's in Folsom
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Another one, or into, you know, that is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That one's in Sacramento to on Saturdays at 9:30am
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if you want to engage in it, then you see these right here the emails you just email them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let them know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then you'll be able to get into these meetings on those times.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Very interesting. We're going to check that out.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Okay, first friday.org okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's something for you to look into that will help
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I'm down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what's the plan this week.
And
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: What do you mean, like, what am I doing this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, when are you leaving to go to your hands.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Leaving Friday morning.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I don't know if I explained it. I think I did in group yesterday but Saturday.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like I went out to go swimming and stuff. And I thought that was the reason why I overslept but Sunday morning, I was supposed to
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Sorry, I think they're doing a drug deal over there.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Now the cars driving away.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Anyway, um,
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: So Saturday I flew. Okay. No. Okay. So, Sunday, which I was supposed to wake up early to do the podcast to like go over the outline and, you know, because I asked her name is Dr. Kurtz Esther if
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like how far back. She wants me to go, you know, how's it really supposed to be like, because, you know, like she gave me like the name for podcast of how
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You know she's I guess you can get the feel of it or what she said the vibe. So like, okay, and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I listened to it but it. There's nothing about like people talking about you know sobriety or, you know, addiction or anything. It's more of doctors or nurses stories about being like, one of them was like being in a maternity ward or something and somebody else was talking about how
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: You know, he's a doctor and he's like exposed to people coronavirus he's like ER doctor or something and his
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: His partner. He's really susceptible to getting sick. And I guess he had, you know, so it's like those kind of stories. It's nothing about like addiction or being clean. So for me, it's kind of hard to base off what I should say from those stories that
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Other people
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Will because of doctors and nurses perspective, it's not like a normal person like normal, you know, a non physician or health care worker in that sense, you know. So to me it's kind of different, so
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I went to bed at midnight, and I thought like, oh yeah, you know, I'll just set my alarm for eight hours, and I'll wake up around 839 o'clock.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And I turned off both of my alarms because I thought that I'd be able to sleep for eight hours and then wake up and I I slip through the alarms and I wake up until like 1130 or so. So I she messaged me and actually her Texas. What woke me up and
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: She's like, Hey, I just want to see how things are going and she's really cool and very chill. She's like,
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Yeah, it's all up to you. We could do whatever you know she's very easy going so I just told her I was like, Sorry I plan on waking up early and my son I specifically have my mom and my step mom watch
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: My kid, so that way I could wake up early and not be bothered by you know him, asking Who's that. Who's that. Who's that is that daddy. You know, so I overslept with that and I was also going to cut my other agents hair because she had surgery this past Monday yesterday and so
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like I felt like
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Saturday or Sunday was just a bill waste so
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: So Friday morning. This upcoming Friday morning. I'm going to do the outline for the podcast, hopefully, at least, and because she has something to do at 11 o'clock, so after I've been with her. Then I'll be gone. Until about Tuesday afternoon, and then all
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: will drive back down to Sacramento and then I have an appointment, a one on one with Dr. Allah DAG on
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: 330 so
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Perfect, yeah. And then talking about appointments. When I spoke to ICO she said that I didn't have any appointments set up with you for next week. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I gotta, I just go in and do it myself or either
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Yeah. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, let me just go in and do it really fast.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Oh, and then also tomorrow I'm doing like a research study thing.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Or whatever. And one of my cousins great cousins, I think it is.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Probably about 10 or 11 years ago, she asked me, she's like, hey, you go to beauty school like
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: There's this research study about like hair, hair care products or whatever. Would you be interested in. And I was like, we're talking about
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And she told me about this place called Elliot Benson and it's like a research where like I've done some for like lottery tickets and the radio and it's just a place that
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: They just want your opinion and want to know if they should keep certain songs on the radio or what lottery tickets look the best. You know that that will sell better or more of
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: And then they pay you. I think this the short the smallest amount of money I've ever gotten was like maybe 100 bucks but
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Only between like one
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Like 125 up to like 200 like 200 is the most I've ever gotten but there's some that are like 500 but those are for people that are more of like you know people that own businesses or, you know, software programs like things that are way out of my my scope, basically. So
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I'll be doing that, tomorrow, I'll be getting off work a little bit early, so that way I can do that before I pick up the alien
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: So nice and 35 bucks, which will be nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Okay, so I had to put you on for tomorrow or next week and then all of June.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I put it out to the end of June, so that way you're on there. It's done. You don't have to worry. Okay, don't sound like a plan. Yeah.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: I really have to be sorry to be so bad I drink like Apple water bottle which is not me, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As okay I got somebody else already waiting in the waiting room. So okay, so I'll see you in group and I will talk to you next week.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: Okay, actually won't see you. I'll see you Tuesday. Now,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll see you Tuesday. You're right. Okay, I'll see you Tuesday here.
Kiara O’Neil-Dominguez: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye.
Bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, hello there.
iPhone: Hi there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are ya.
iPhone: Good. I didn't know if this was going to work or not. Because when I called a little while ago to check in. When he put me into a breakout room I lost volume and she can hear me. And I can hear her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's weird.
iPhone: Yeah, I know. So I called them back with Johnson and his phone or fine and then
iPhone: Now this is working fine with my phone. So I guess we're fine.
iPhone: Everything's fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wonder why you lost volume that's weird. I don't know. Zoom has been doing really crazy stuff lately. So, you know, who knows.
I'm oh yeah
iPhone: Oh, rough past day or yesterday was rough. Not today.
iPhone: What happened.
iPhone: Oh, the same old lady.
iPhone: Her and her best friend ganged up on me.
Why
iPhone: Or and I mean it was just a I'm sitting there doing my job and I, you know, I've been posting a lot on Facebook. So last week I posted. One of the lanes listings and then
iPhone: She was getting you know people talking. Hey, they want to buy it that house. And so I told her about it. And she's like, Nah, that houses already sold. And so then I was going through doing my work I'm doing their work.
iPhone: Going back through three years of records and I I see this lady's name that was on that post the other day and I see that it was Maria's customer, you know, three years ago. So I called up Maria and I go, hey, that girl didn't want to buy that house on Elaine's listing that I posted
iPhone: She you know she used to be your customer because I didn't think she knew, but she knew and then she goes, Oh, well that lady hates me.
iPhone: Which was like okay
iPhone: threw me off. You know, so I hang up and then Elaine hadn't come in yet it's Maria and my lane. Those are good.
iPhone: And they do it you know they do this stuff to everybody, but
iPhone: Anyways, um,
iPhone: So then then Elaine comes in and she's working on this paperwork making copies and doing this deal, you know, and then Maria calls Elaine and says hey Sandy's
iPhone: Want to know about the deal, you're doing on gentry which that wasn't what I wanted to know about. Number one, you know,
iPhone: Yeah, and then the LNS like so laying you know yells at me. Hey, what do you try and be nosy. I don't want to end, but my stuff. And I'm like, Well, I just left because I you know I don't deal with stuff like that. I just got my first got my days left the office.
iPhone: At home.
iPhone: And then I went back to the office and like packed up my shit stuff and then I go, Okay, see you later, I got a doctor's appointment today.
iPhone: And I just left for the rest of the day.
iPhone: Because I don't do drama.
Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that was
iPhone: Yesterday, that was yesterday. And then, first thing this morning, Maria calls me. Oh, I am so sorry that was wrong of me. I'm like yeah what that, you know, what the heck. And she's like, Oh,
iPhone: And then she goes into this whole big oil spill that she was a bad alcoholic and that lady hates her because she ran over in her car.
iPhone: And she was
iPhone: She was showing her houses and the lady hit her head on it like a hanging down light thing. And she just left out or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's no good. Right.
iPhone: Yeah, like sitting there with my mouth. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
iPhone: Oh, one really, I wouldn't really calling about you and that lady, I have no idea about any of this, you know,
iPhone: And now when I didn't give a crap that Elaine had a deal going on that street. I was trying to follow up on on, you know, a lead that I had procured off of Facebook last week.
iPhone: Right, I'm so sorry. Oh, she thought it was about her and I was trying to be nosy and now I know everything.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I know. I like that you have the ability just to be able to walk out.
iPhone: Oh, yeah.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In our partaken any other the banter in the garbage. Don't you know what I mean.
iPhone: I just can't do that. I've had enough of it. My life. I don't have any time for that they want to be mean do it to someone else. I'm not gonna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Leave
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Funny how is everything else been going
iPhone: Good. You know, yeah.
iPhone: I'm just worried about my My Three Sons.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My Three Sons.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have one that hasn't seen a doctor yet was you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, yeah.
iPhone: Those to have an appointment today and they canceled it again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
iPhone: We didn't send the information to them that he was supposed to the doctor here gave him a CD to send up there and he never sent it. So they called and said, Where's the CD. So he sent it yesterday. So after they get it. They're gonna make an appointment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Yeah.
iPhone: And then I just got home from my other surgeons and his
iPhone: Just
iPhone: SHIT FACED sorry
It's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay. I missed you in group Friday.
iPhone: I know I was out or and nobody else was in the office, usually there's somebody in there and I can get to group, but I couldn't even get to the phone to
iPhone: let you guys know that I couldn't get to group or to the computer. I was just answering the phones and helping people and stuff. It's been really picking up lately.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, do you need a refill.
iPhone: No. Okay.
iPhone: He gave me a prescription last or whenever the Friday before for 28 so
iPhone: I should have enough for the rest of this week and then two more weeks I'll be in group this week john said he would come down.
iPhone: I'm just going to plan on john coming and covering for me it during that time. So I can be the group at least every other week you know
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, I just sent him the message telling him that
iPhone: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you know he he is a stickler for, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Participation and for being here. And anybody that I me individually that he works with he wants me to tell them
iPhone: Tell them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know so and I told them that you couldn't get out of work. And that's how come you weren't there on Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So he has that information to so he's not questioning
iPhone: You know, okay, I sent I did send an email. It was about 15 minutes or 30 minutes late, though, but I did send an email during group that I okay away from work to the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you send it who to send it to
iPhone: And so I'll say that.
iPhone: Who can yeah can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay, you can always send them to me too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, right, send them to me because I
iPhone: Guess, they're going through so many people I know.
iPhone: I'm like,
iPhone: I don't know.
So, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just responded and said, thanks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So he has the information and now there's no question
iPhone: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. And every your other two sons, how one of them was under the influence today and the other one has the other one.
iPhone: Oh, he's just a punk.
iPhone: My one with the brain thing called me up the other day when he was at work. He goes, I just got a call here at my work that Chase just ripped off somebody at one of my friends for 500 bucks. He's gonna get his legs broke or something. Can you better do something like, oh god.
iPhone: I call Chase. And I'm like, What's the story. And he goes, well I Oh Michael $500. That's the only person I oh $500 to you, but I'm not ripping them off. I just got my stimulus check. Yeah.
iPhone: So he was the son. He knows the other send money.
iPhone: No. Yeah. Well, no. The other son knows when I hit it. Will the best friends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
iPhone: Oh, okay, yeah, one in the middle thinks he's my son to though.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Always we always end up with more kids and what we actually had
iPhone: A Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have a feel them to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. So are you still going to your meetings and having any. Okay, good. No issues at all, that's popped up or came up
iPhone: No I you know I just
iPhone: When I like yesterday, I would have totally been a day that it just gone and done some dope. But I don't, I'm not gonna do that ever again. I'm just gonna come home and cry on my husband shoulder
iPhone: Instead,
iPhone: I really think that you know i i mean i was definitely pushed out of my house in Texas.
iPhone: And I'm definitely needed here, but I just don't know how to help. I mean,
iPhone: I, I probably should go to my son's like more often. His wife is up in her room and every in our inner room somewhere not around lately.
iPhone: Because she probably didn't want to be around it, she's convinced it he doesn't drink that his Suboxone makes him act like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
iPhone: Yeah yeah cuz that's what he tells her, you know, so Suboxone was just a cover for him to drink.
iPhone: Yeah, at this point, and that's not good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's not good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can
iPhone: Make you feel like that to where you're like, Whoa.
iPhone: You know, I don't know how to even act like he is, but it's not good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm sure the mixture. You know, there's some effect because of the mixture. You know what I mean, I've done both and
iPhone: He's like phone I think four milligrams twice a day or something, I don't know, I guess, but I don't know. He said he was only taking one for a day, though, at some point, that
iPhone: You know,
iPhone: Yeah, so hopefully he's cut down to two milligrams in the morning into at night. I don't know. I should ask him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, because
The more
iPhone: opiate do derivative stuff with alcohol is not good, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can
iPhone: Continue to drink like he's drinking. He's not gonna last, I mean, I see last maybe three years.
iPhone: You know, drinking. Yeah. And I don't know what to do.
iPhone: I don't know, there's, I can't stop him from doing it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, not at all. You've already voiced your concern.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right yeah told them, You just gotta
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be there and support them. And the sad part about it though is that you know we watch it. We watch our kids go through these things and it's heart wrenching
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The only you know thing is that you hope to God that he gets it stops you know i mean goes to detox gets back
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, right on track and
iPhone: We've got enough people in our family that we go over there, make sure he didn't leave. I mean, I've got some big son.
iPhone: Like a shotgun with Johnny Cash style, but I'd have to teaspoon in the alcohol. We couldn't run the business if we were doing. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah you 24 hour care you know that
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's dangerous to because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He could have seizures. You know, there's a lot of things that can happen.
iPhone: I know I saw it in jail with girls women out there that were detox and off alcohol. It was like oh my god and you know my roommate was detox and off heroin and she had her arms down in a grove and she go they do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It.
iPhone: But I the alcohol. I mean, it was bad. I would see people go into seizures and stuff. And I've never seen that with arrow and ever so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, you can die for an overdose on heroin. But I'll tell you what, alcohol.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It destroys it from the inside out like badly.
You're really knows.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a horrible, horrible drug
iPhone: I hate it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I need to my heart goes out to you with you, boy, you know, both of them.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The third one that's supposedly ribbon someone off or not ribbons.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Going, buddy. I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's making his way.
iPhone: He's the one that ran me out of my house in Texas. Go. He's a raging drug addict.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, no.
iPhone: Yeah, like, oh my god. So with that one.
Kid.
iPhone: Yeah, always best friends keep dying. I said, Dude, you need to pick some different people to hang around with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Changing lots of friends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: People not doing that stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right happen. Yeah. You know, you know, I'm not gonna tell you anything you don't know because, you know, the only thing you can do is be their support. Encourage you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, when he, when they're ready or when he's ready to reach out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, be able to be there.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it sucks because there are kids and you want to spank them and put them in the corner and Thomas stop doing those behaviors, but
iPhone: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, just can't do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I looked up what your husband asked me to look up
iPhone: I did look what I did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I did. But here's the crazy part I looked it up right after we talked last week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I totally forgot now because I'm old.
iPhone: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't remember what it was.
iPhone: I already forgot what it was. She's like me. She can't remember.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My
iPhone: Stuff and then like later I'm like oh yeah I don't remember that. And he's like,
iPhone: Can you know that, then you'll ask me a number. And I know everybody's phone number in my head.
iPhone: My YouTube channel based on that, and it's going to help a very beautiful girl that's going to be the commentary and
iPhone: It's going to be called what we don't talk about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So Sandy is going to be the commentary
iPhone: Well, no. Well,
iPhone: I got, I got a nice young like perfect become great yeah and she's very intelligent
iPhone: And she's gonna be the next YouTube sensation. She's 24 and you know those topics that when you don't when you have a sit down dinner with your family. If you don't talk about
iPhone: politics, religion and those kinds of things. What makes you a free, those kind of things. And we're going to explore those issues. And we're going to find out if the truth matters because if the at the end of the day, the most important thing is, does the truth matter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I believe it does.
iPhone: Okay. And if it does, then but and the cool thing about this epistemology method is it you're asking questions, you're not debating.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's all
iPhone: You're doing is asking questions. And what that does is get the subject to start thinking and then eventually, in some cases, the subject comes back and says, Wow, I thought about this and it was a revelation, and now I see my world in different view.
iPhone: Because you can't argue with someone to get them to change your worldview, but you can get them to ask questions and hear their own answers and then they can think in their own mind. What are these answers are you giving making any sense, you know,
iPhone: Pretty amazing. I think you should interview, Tom. This
iPhone: Interview, everybody. I'm going to walk down the street and view interviewing people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know the one I like is Joe Rogan
iPhone: Yeah. Joe rogan's good, but the street epistemology, you'd like it. I'm telling you, and it seems Anthony at a manta Bosco or something like that and
iPhone: you'd really like what he does and but he sticks mostly to religion and I want to go way beyond that. I'm going to go to
iPhone: Everything in people's lives that they're believing in that may not be true. So not just religion, but also you know we are being programmed by the media to hate people of the opposite political party.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right.
iPhone: And we need to bring those things out and discuss those two and have a discussion.
iPhone: Because the powers that be seem to feel that we need to be a divided nation. And really, we don't need to be
iPhone: Anyways,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I, I agree.
iPhone: You're saying
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Africa is it's something he's passionate about it. I think it's really awesome. You know what I mean.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's cool.
iPhone: I thought you were gonna be the commentator
iPhone: I have a spotted face and brown teeth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god. You're beautiful. Stop it.
iPhone: In too many wrinkles. This little girl is a she should have been like on the runway for Victoria's Secret up by now. She's one of my
iPhone: One of my best friends from here, from a long time that man.
iPhone: She got stopped with eight balls in her purse that her husband put there.
iPhone: And got stopped that night. She's never ever done anything back
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She doesn't want to go back there.
iPhone: She got out of it. Her husband did seven years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So long.
iPhone: Or something. Yeah, he had a gun with him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
iPhone: And then he put the stuff in Herbert
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: crazy stuff.
iPhone: Yeah, anyway, but she had Kelsey, about a year before I had my last one Chase.
iPhone: So she's like
iPhone: My nice
iPhone: I got
iPhone: Like thousands, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Good stuff.
iPhone: Yeah, she's good. A good recovery ready and know she's always been
iPhone: A good influence on me. And after I mean after we both got clean
iPhone: These
iPhone: Are you know bad influence
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, which is good.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're gonna be at group this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I always like that you're there, because you you know you support the rest of them when they're struggling and you have a lot of good things to say and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you're needed in there.
iPhone: Okay, yeah.
iPhone: That makes me feel good. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's true. It's true. You know, we, you know, our group that we work with. And, you know, a lot of them are young and they struggle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
iPhone: Oh, I know, man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To have you in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll see you Friday.
iPhone: Sounds good.
iPhone: Thanks for your time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you later.
iPhone: Okay. Bye now.